Choose your protagonist's name
Name a musician/band
Name a technological product
Choose a company name
Choose a number (type in words, e.g. seven, one)
Name a verb (in presnt tense, e.g. walk, talk)
And another verb
Name a musical instrument
Name a fruit
Choose a food
Choose an animal
Now the animal's name
Choose a country
And another country
Name a fast person
Name a vehicle
Name a kind of building
Choose a number (type in words, e.g. seven, one)
Name a room (e.g. attic, living room)
Choose an emotion
Name a componenet of the product you chose earlier
Name a candy
Name an adjective
And another adjective
Choose a bodypart
0 1 0 0 2 3 2 4 5 6 7 0 8 9 10 11 0 12 13 0 2 0 14 15 16 0 17 0 2 18 19 0 7 2 11 2 20 21 22 23 0 24
It was Monday morning, seven am. The alarm went off, filling 
’s bedroom with the pleasant music of 
. 
 slammed her palm on the snooze button, springing out of her bed. Today is going to be a big day for 
, as today she gets to present her new 
 model to her bosses at 
. She’s been working on this 
 for over 
 years. By now, it can 
, 
 and play the 
. It really is a remarkable product that will revolutionize society. After getting out of bed, 
 stepped into the shower, using her favourite 
 flavoured shampoo. After that she grabbed a quick breakfast of 
, but not before feeding her pet 
, 
. After that, at exactly thirty minutes past seven, 
 stepped in her car and headed for the meeting. As the news played on the radio, telling of the new war which broke out between 
 and 
, 
 couldn’t help but realize she’s forgotten something, her 
! After making a sharp U-turn right in the middle of the street, 
 started speeding faster than 
 back home. She decided to take a shortcut that would cut twenty minutes. But as she made a turn onto another street, she couldn’t help but notice that no one was moving. It seems that a 
 has flipped into the construction site for the new 
. Knowing she couldn’t waste a single second, 
 got out of her car and started sprinting home. After making it home in 
 minutes, 
 started looking for her 
. But after circling the house twice, including the 
, she couldn’t see it anywhere. With time counting down, 
 roamed through 
’s body. But then suddenly she heard a faint sound of a 
 coming from the backyard. Looking hopefully outside she was horrified. Her precious 
, the one she so dedicatedly spent decades towards building, torn to pieces on her lawn. And next to it was 
, chewing on the 
’s little 
 like they are 
. 
 and 
, tears started coming down 
’s 
. Unable to move, she lay down on her back, closed her eyes, and dreamt of better days.