data/templates/CrazyMorningMale.txt
Choose your protagonist's name
Name a musician/band
Name a technological product
Choose a company name
Choose a number
Name a verb (in present tense, e.g. walk)
And another verb
Name a musical instrument
Name a fruit
Choose a food
Choose an animal
Now the animal's name
Choose a country
And another country
Name a fast person
Name a vehicle
Name a kind of building
Choose a number
Name a room (e.g. attic, living room)
Choose an emotion
Name a component of the product above
Name a candy
Name an adjective
And another adjective
Choose a bodypart
0 1 0 0 2 3 2 4 5 6 7 0 8 9 10 11 0 12 13 0 2 0 14 15 16 0 17 0 2 18 19 0 7 2 11 2 20 21 22 23 0 24
It was Monday morning, seven am. The alarm went off, filling 
’s bedroom with the pleasant music of 
. 
 slammed his palm on the snooze button, springing out of his bed. Today is going to be a big day for 
, as today he gets to present his new 
 model to his bosses at 
. He’s been working on this 
 for over 
 years. By now, it can 
, 
 and play the 
. It really is a remarkable product that will revolutionize society. After getting out of bed, 
 stepped into the shower, using his favourite 
 flavoured shampoo. After that he grabbed a quick breakfast of 
, but not before feeding his pet 
, 
. After that, at exactly thirty minutes past seven, 
 stepped in his car and headed for the meeting. As the news played on the radio, telling of the new war which broke out between 
 and 
, 
 couldn’t help but realize he’s forgotten something, his 
! After making a sharp U-turn right in the middle of the street, 
 started speeding faster than 
 back home. He decided to take a shortcut that would cut twenty minutes. But as he made a turn onto another street, he couldn’t help but notice that no one was moving. It seems that a 
 has flipped into the construction site for the new 
. Knowing he couldn’t waste a single second, 
 got out of his car and started sprinting home. After making it home in 
 minutes, 
 started looking for his 
. But after circling the house twice, including the 
, he couldn’t see it anywhere. With time counting down, 
 roamed through 
’s body. But then suddenly he heard a faint sound of a 
 coming from the backyard. Looking hopefully outside he was horrified. His precious 
, the one he so dedicatedly spent decades towards building, torn to pieces on his lawn. And next to it was 
, chewing on the 
’s little 
 like they are 
. 
 and 
, tears started coming down 
’s 
. Unable to move, he lay down on his back, closed his eyes, and dreamt of better days.