Choose a name for a kingdom
Choose an adjective
And another adjective
And even another adjetcive
Choose your protagonist's name
Name an expensive gift
Name a unit of time (e.g. year, day)
Name a creative occupation
Name an emotion
Name a disease
Choose a number
Name a month
Name a room (e.g. attic, living room)
Choose a name for another kingdom
Choose a number
Name a magical creature
Name a kind of tree
Name a fruit (in plural)
Name a body part
Choose a colour
0 1 2 3 4 4 5 6 4 4 7 8 9 10 4 7 11 0 12 4 13 4 14 15 4 16 17 18 19 4 7
A long long time ago, in the ancient kingdom of 
, there lived the 
, 
 and 
 King 
 the fifth. King 
 was loved by his citizens. They would cherish him and bring him 
 three times a 
. But even though he was loved by everyone, 
 couldn’t help but feel empty and unfulfilled. The truth is, he never wanted to be king. Ever since he was a child, 
 wanted to be a 
. He always loved expressing 
 through his art, but after his father died of 
 and he became king at the age of 
, 
 was unable to fulfill his lifelong desire to become a 
. Then, one bright 
 day, the citizens of 
 awoke to find their beloved king missing. Panicking, a kingdom wide search began. They looked first in the castle, even the secret 
 that no one but 
 himself was allowed in. They looked in the towns, by the river, and even in the neighbouring kingdom of 
, which 
 knowingly despised. After 
 months of searching, no sign of the king was seen. However, there came a wise 
 who claims to have sighted  
 in the dangerous 
 forest in the dark side of the kingdom. Left with no choice, the citizens organized a search party to go and search for the king in the forest. Their journey began. It was a hard trip. One night, after eating 
 they didn’t know were poisoned, everyone’s 
 became itchy and they couldn’t keep moving. But then just there, in the dark horrifying corner of the forest, there sat a familiar face. A long, 
 beard came down from his chin to the ground, a smile on his face. There sitting down was King 
 himself, working as a 
, creating the art he’s wanted to since he was just a little child.