data/templates/KingdomFemale.txt
Choose a name for a kingdom
Choose an adjective
And another adjective
And even another adjetcive
Choose your protagonist's name
Name an expensive gift
Name a unit of time (e.g. year, day)
Name a creative occupation
Name an emotion
Name a disease
Choose a number
Name a month
Name a room (e.g. attic, living room)
Choose a name for another kingdom
Choose a number
Name a magical creature
Name a kind of tree
Name a fruit (in plural)
Name a body part
Choose a colour
0 1 2 3 4 4 5 6 4 4 7 8 9 10 4 7 11 0 12 4 13 4 14 15 4 16 17 18 19 4 7
A long long time ago, in the ancient kingdom of 
, there lived the 
, 
 and 
 Queen 
 the fifth. Queen 
 was loved by her citizens. They would cherish her and bring her 
 three times a 
. But even though she was loved by everyone, 
 couldn’t help but feel empty and unfulfilled. The truth is, she never wanted to be queen. Ever since she was a child, 
 wanted to be a 
. She always loved expressing 
 through her art, but after her father died of 
 and she became queen at the age of 
, 
 was unable to fulfill her lifelong desire to become a 
. Then, one bright 
 day, the citizens of 
 awoke to find their beloved queen missing. Panicking, a kingdom wide search began. They looked first in the castle, even the secret 
 that no one but 
 herself was allowed in. They looked in the towns, by the river, and even in the neighbouring kingdom of 
, which 
 knowingly despised. After 
 months of searching, no sign of the queen was seen. However, there came a wise 
 who claims to have sighted  
 in the dangerous 
 forest in the dark side of the kingdom. Left with no choice, the citizens organized a search party to go and search for the queen in the forest. Their journey began. It was a hard trip. One night, after eating 
 they didn’t know were poisoned, everyone’s 
 became itchy and they couldn’t keep moving. But then just there, in the dark horrifying corner of the forest, there sat a familiar face. Long, 
 hair came down from her head to the ground, a smile on her face. There sitting down was Queen 
 herself, working as a 
, creating the art she’s wanted to since she was just a little child.